(This content is intended for
viewers above 18 years old.)
(It contains graphic, sound, or content which
displays offensive behavior, violence,)
(sexual activities, and coarse language.
Viewer discretion is advised.)
(This TV series is fictitious.)
(Persons, places, organizations,
or actual incidents are not associated.)
Hello.
Please look at this camera.
Okay.
Hello.
Shall we start the interview?
Yes.
How do you feel
after being voted as the No. 1 Hottest Guy
in our magazine?
Thank you.
Actually, I don't usually
follow this kind of news,
but
I'm thankful.
Normally, our No. 1 title holders
are always bachelors.
You are the first exception, Dr. Anirut.
Oh! Then,
you probably need to make sure that they
didn't vote for the wrong man.
How could it be possible?
You're such a perfect man.
You're the one.
You are married.
And you also have a perfect family.
I have to give my wife credit for that.
She makes my life
so perfect like this.
How does she do that?
If I tell you, you might think
that I'm bragging about my wife.
But,
it's true.
My wife, she is
so perfect.
She is beautiful,
and smart,
and she is such a nice person.
So, my married life turned out to be
so much better than I expected.
You cherish your wife so much.
After hearing that, many girls,
must feel envious of her.
I've been looking for you.
Oh my!
I was thinking
where all the maids were.
So, you are trying to act like a madam.
That's not true.
How could that be not true?
I saw you're just rolling on the bed.
I just...
I came here to clean the bedroom.
Do you think I'm dumb?
I am wondering
if Anirut finds out about this,
what is he going to say?
You should start looking for a new job.
What about you?
What are you doing
in my master's bedroom?
What a guest!
Entering the house owner's bedroom
without permission. Huh?
Who knows?
Maybe the house owner would want me
to be another owner of this house.
Just get used to paying respect to me now.
So that when I really become
the owner of this house,
you might not get fired.
Well,
I really want Madam
to hear what you just said.
To see your true colors.
Then she'll know
that you want to snatch her husband.
And if my master also sees it,
that would be great.
What do you think,
Ma'am?
Ha!
You should mind your own business.
Because a maid like you
is brainless
to forget that you're just a maid,
and look down on me.
It should be you to get kicked out.
No one believes a maid like you.
Oh yeah?
What a fine lady!
Let's see,
if my evidence
is not enough to expose a witch like you.
Give it to me.
Why?
Huh?
Boo! Serves you right!
Ah!
You witch!
Why?
Madam must know this.
Ah! Let me go!
Let you go?
Argh! Ouch!
Where are you going?
Give me back my phone!
Give it to me!
Ouch!
Where are you going?
Argh! Ouch! Let me go!
You should know your place.
You're just a servant!
Argh!
Give me back my phone!
You witch!
Hi, Vi.
You came back early today.
And you, Orn?
What are you doing here?
Rut hasn't come back home yet.
I missed you, Vi.
We haven't had a meal together for a while.
I came here because
I want to have a meal with you.
I'll ask Nuan
to tell the cook
to prepare everything
because we have a guest today.
Vi.
May I ask you something?
What is it?
About Nuan, your maid.
What about her?
I saw she sneakily put on your clothes,
lied on your bed,
and acted like she was you.
When I arrived here,
I kept calling her to open the door for me.
But she didn't come to open the door.
I had to walk in by myself.
As soon as I walked in,
I saw what she was doing.
I tried to remind her politely
not to do this.
But she said I'm just an outsider.
Vi.
She is
with no manners
and so discourteous.
It will be a problem
if you keep hiring her.
Is that so?
I was so angry.
Seeing what she did,
I can't imagine
what she does behind your back.
A person who acts nicely in front of you,
but does bad things behind your back.
We've seen many people like that.
Some may come to you as a maid.
Some may come as noble people.
Saying all sweet things
but meaning evil deeds.
I don't want to take those silly things
to my heart, Orn.
Vi.
Are you not in a good mood today?
You must have had a bad day at work.
How about this?
If you don't want to be bothered by this problem,
I'll help find a new maid for you.
How about that?
Thank you so much.
But this is all about my house.
If I want to change,
I don't have to bother anyone else.
Who's anyone, Vi?
I've been close to both Anirut and you.
Your house is like my own house.
If there's anything I can help with,
I would love to do it.
Thank you so much.
But everything about my house
is the responsibility of the wife like me.
That's what I need to do.
You don't have to be so worried.
If you say so.
Vi.
If you have anything
you want me to help with,
you can always tell me.
I'd love to help.
Vi.
Rut.
You've finally come back, Rut.
I've been waiting for you.
Oh. Did I do something offending to you, Vi?
Just don't take it personally.
It became my habit since I'd been abroad.
That's alright.
I understand
that different kinds of manners
have been taught to us.
That's not a big deal, Orn.
Vi doesn't worry about minor things.
You're always nice, Vi.
I have no doubts about why
Rut loves you so much.
Rut.
May I join the dinner with you today?
I already asked Vi, and she's okay with it.
That would be nice.
The house looks lively when you're here.
Enjoy your time, then.
I want to take some rest.
Oh!
Aren't you going to hang around with us?
Take your time.
Rut.
I have something to talk with you.
It's about Nuan, your maid.
(Men always think that)
(when a woman holds the status of)
(a wife,)
(she needs to accept everything)
(that her husband does.)
(That's not true.)
Argh!
Where are you going?
Give me back my phone.
Give it back!
(A woman like Dr. Vikanda)
(who endures it)
(might not be for love.)
(Still, she waits for the day
to walk away with her worth.)
(And she'll leave a valuable lesson for her husband,)
(who deserves her dignity as)
(the wife.)
=The Wife=
Rut.
Vi.
This is Nuan.
Our new maid.
Hello, sir.
My name is Nuan.
I would like to hire a maid
from a cleaning company.
What do you think?
What for?
We already have our maids.
And,
we have Nuan.
But she just works in the place
of the former maid.
It's temporary.
We didn't mean to hire her permanently.
But I think we can count on her.
She works neatly.
Why do you need to hire
someone from the company?
I've seen many people have problems with that.
Also,
I don't like to have strangers
walking in and out of our house.
So, you like someone you're familiar with.
I want a divorce, Mom.
You've just got married for a few months.
I can't live with a man
who sleeps around with any girls.
I can't.
From a waitress to a maid,
I don't know who else it's going to be.
I can't stand it anymore.
I want to divorce him, Mom.
Vi, Vi.
Calm down, dear.
Calm down.
Listen to me.
About the divorce,
for other people, it's easy.
But for you,
it's not easy, you know?
How would it be difficult?
Just sign the paper.
I don't see it as difficult at all.
What about your reputation?
You are Dr. Vikanda.
A daughter of Dr. Phakphoom
and Dr. Supansa.
Your father
is the owner of a famous university.
And you are the assistant director
of the ministry where millions of people
took the exam for this position.
More importantly,
you are the woman that Rut
praises and lets everyone know
that you're his wife.
But he keeps cheating on me all the time, Mom.
No matter what you saw or heard,
you have to stand tall on the top of the mountain.
And you shall make Rut see
that his wife
is far superior and more graceful
than any other women.
If he realizes that, he'll stop.
(If he realizes that, he'll stop.)
What are you doing?
Figuring out the ways to handle
people who cause trouble in our house, I guess.
Oh, sweetheart.
Orn is just a lonely girl.
Don't take it too personally.
What if I feel lonely,
and keep asking to have dinner
with all the people around?
You would be okay with that, right?
But she didn't do anything bad.
Also,
she is nice to you too, isn't she?
Ha!
Many people are nice to me.
But not all of them
are nice from their heart.
Some act nicely
because they want something else.
My love.
I think
you're overthinking.
Whenever I overthink,
it actually happens, doesn't it?
I always see you do what I think.
It truly happens every time.
What is this all about?
These days,
do we have to fight
over what hasn't happened yet?
Do you dare to promise me
that it won't happen?
Huh!
I guess our married life
is way too peaceful, right?
That's why you keep picking on me like this, huh?
Do you think I want to be like this?
I want to stop it too.
I just want to be happy.
Vi.
How are you not happy?
You see
that I
respect you so much.
Not any other women get what you have right now.
I married you
because I want to be the only woman of yours.
You're the only one in my eyes.
I've never praised any women like you.
I've been too tired.
I want to be alone.
I think
you should relax and let go.
Any minor things
aren't worth your attention.
You just don't take it to your heart.
And your life
will get happier.
Come down and have dinner together, okay?
I don't want anybody to see us
as disrespectful people.
(Orn-in: I'm so happy.)
Madam. Madam.
What's wrong?
Tell me.
Please don't kick me out.
I don't have anywhere to go.
Please.
Why do you care about it?
What you've done to me
is much more than what you just did.
Madam,
please don't kick me out.
Please, Madam.
You can't fight with that woman
all alone by yourself.
It's true that I've done bad things to you.
But I've never ever
had any thoughts to hurt you.
But that chick is different.
She'll do everything
to take your place.
You need to have me to help you fight with her.
Please.
Madam.
Rut said this is your favorite.
Eat up.
Rut.
Drink this hot soup so you'll feel more relaxed.
Thank you.
Um, should we try changing the mood
by eating out and listening to music sometimes?
I think that's a nice idea.
What do you think, Vi?
I know a nice place.
Let's go together, Vi.
Well,
Vi doesn't like eating out.
She always says that she's tired from work.
She'd rather take a rest.
Oh, dear!
Just try changing the mood.
Locking yourself in the house
is too boring.
Anyway,
if you don't want to go,
may I ask Rut to go with me?
I think...
You can do as you please.
Lately, you've walked in and out
without asking me anyway.
Why do you have to be bothered to ask now?
Then, that's great.
From now on,
I think I don't have to ask you.
=The Wife=